What are you crazy about?
I'm just a dragon with a long tail.
What qualifications do you have to meet the Dragon Lord and ask for wanton Dragon Lord?
Otherwise don't blame me for being ruthless
dare not dare
Gu Lao's thank you gift has been delivered.
If nothing happens
I'll go back to the Dragon Palace and say goodbye, okay?
Dare to ask Brother Long
You are going back to the Dragon Palace
Do you follow orders to that lord?
Of course!
That lord is in the Dragon Hall at the moment
Nonsense my lord if not in the dragon hall
What am I going to pay for?
Yao Yun, what are you trying to say?
Xiao Chen, I was almost humiliated by you
Brother Long, I want to report someone pretending to be the Dragon Lord.
He not only deceives the public
Also keep saying
The four congratulatory gifts you sent
He ordered the Dragon Palace to prepare it
And he also ordered your expertise to be sent to Qinzhou
This happened
I, my lord
I am the young master of the Sun family, the first aristocratic family in Yangzhou
I can testify
What Ye Shao said is true
And the rebellious man
Right now in the ballroom
Offending me is a capital offense
Violators are killed without mercy
Where is that person now?
It's him it's him